Reflection 3 – Thinking about the future

On September 17th our college conducted an event called career fair, there were almost 150 companies of different streams. It was a great opportunity for under graduate and graduate students to meet and know about the companies of their respective majors. As I am a computer science student I was interested in companies which involves in software development. Crown Equipment was one such company which I was interested. The Global Head Quarters is located in New Bremen, Ohio. The design navigation system services for the trucks and also manufacture them There are about 15,500 employees working and There are 70 branches in United States and also in various other countries suchs as China, Germany, Australia, Brazil and Mexico. They design their own website, apps, etc. This company preffers students whose major is computer science.  Web development, Java development projects are in demand right now.  They have more opening in Java development.  I spoke to the representative of the company they were so helpful and explained me every detail about the company and they also told the process to apply for an internship or co-op very patiently. I found that the handshake and greetings with the representative of the company which we learnt in the previous reflection class were very useful, as it gave us confidence and positive impression while talking with the representative of the company.
I was always intrested in Java, so after my graduation I wanted see myself as a Java developer. The requirements to get a job as a java devloper are The developer must design, develop and manage Java applications. As in desscription mentioned in Glassdoor the develper prepares program specifications, codes, tests, and debugs computer applcation. After my Under Graduation I worked in multinational company TechMahindra where I was dealing with similar skills, which would be a great asset for my career and for applying an internship or a job.
To learn more about the career opportunities I have contacted a senior graduate name Likitha Kolli who is also a computer science graduate and doing internship in Crown equipment. The career fair was really helpful for her in getting an internship in this company. The three conferences in my field of studing are International World Wide Web,  International Conference on Very Large Databases and IEEE International Conference on Big Data. In these three conferences the first one explains about the computer network and internet which is very popular around the world and second, third explains about back end technologies. From the perspective of my senior graduate all the three conferences are best to attend as the whole world runs around these technologies and the companies are preffering students who are very good in these skills.


