                             Reflection Assignment #1 - Who I Am and What I Hope to Learn

In the modern-day context, computer technology has penetrated every field of science right from biotechnology to rocket science. Everybody needs a computer to perform tedious calculations and complex jobs. Since I first read about Steve Jobs’ Apple my desire to be part of the computing world has never ceased. His contributions toward the development of modern computer technology serves as a constant source of motivation. This interest is the result of a firm conviction that I can build a well-rounded career after pursuing masters from the University of Dayton.
During my Under Graduation, I wasn’t very sure about my field of interet in which I wanted to pursue my bachelors in so I opted for Electronics and Instrumentation Engineering, as it offers a common platform to learn various interdisciplinary courses. It was a very good journey of my life. I have involved myself in various workshops, seminars, and industrial tours to explore my interest for more practical knowledge.  At the same time, other than my academic coursework, I always learnt various programming languages out of my own interest.
After my Undergraduate program, my arduous nature to yield a fine piece of work in every field did not stop me from expanding my perspectives in my field of interest. With the basic programming knowledge gained during the four years of my engineering and my interest in programming has made me undergo a Professional Diploma in Digital Transformation Program – Java Enterprise Apps with DevOps in which I developed two real-time projects. With the hands-on experience with these projects, I was given an opportunity to work as an Associate Software Engineer in Tech Mahindra, Which is an Indian multinational company. This company thought me about corporate culture and had given me industrial experience which will be useful for the enhancement of my career. To strengthen and learn more about the skills I have decided to do masters in computer science at the University of Dayton.
Post MS I envision myself into professional roles such as Data Analyst, Software Developer, exploring different fields of industries with expertise in web development and Database systems. In long run, I wish to take challenging roles in an organisation. 
With all the coding and programming in my head, music is one such thing which keeps me away from stress. Due to this interest, I learnt classical music for a period of three years and still, I wish to learn more as it is one such passion I have from my childhood and do cultural service from my part.
And Lastly, Professional Development and academic skills class by Miss. Brenda Lecklider is one such class where it keeps us focused on our goals by involving our self in various activities and tasks and I wish to learn more in this class as it is a great asset for my future career.

