                                          Reflection 05 – Cultural Reflection

On November 10th we had an event called International Festival where students of different countries and their respective associations participate and display their customs and traditions. I was very excited because it was one of the very important events where I get to meet various international students and learn about their value systems which are a great asset for my future career too.
I on my behalf and my friends represented our country by participating in singing a patriotic song and also doing a flash mob on famous Bollywood songs. Our stall which represents India and henna is one of our traditions. Many international students including us were very enthusiastic about getting various beautiful henna designs on their hands.
Whereas, when it comes to my cultural experience with other countries it was very amazing. I work as a Teaching Assistant for undergraduate students there are few students who are from Kuwait. They were so excited by seeing me and they took me to the stall which is representing their country and told about their traditions. Dry fruit such Dates are very famous in their country which I got to taste them and a dessert called “sheer kurma”. They also told that perfumes called as “atthar” in their language. The perfume was very strong and very famous around the world, especially in Middle Eastern countries.
Later, I went to the stall of Saudi Arabian Student Association. They were writing everyone’s name in the Arabic language the script is very beautiful and different. The traditional attire of the men and women was very beautiful. We were given a chance to wear their traditional clothes and click good pictures. It was a very good experience.
I had a very small conversation with an American family who came to enjoy the event. I asked her about dessert which is an Indian sweet. She liked it very much that she asked me about the recipe so that she can try it in her home. Her Daughter loved the henna designs on her hand.
It was a very good experience I enjoyed the American swing dance, it has great moves. I thank our university staff for conducting such an event which acts as an ice breaker amoung various international students. Learning about various cultures and traditions and respecting them is a very important aspect of one’s personal and professional life. When you work internationally you get to meet different people and we have to work together without any cultural differences and respect each others opinion. I think this event gave me that experience which will be very useful for my future employment.

