                                                         Reflection 4 

In this Reflection, I want to share or express my experience about the valuable advice given by Ms Lisa Witt regarding resume, LinkedIn account and opportunities provided by career services. Firstly, about resume, Ms Lisa Witt gave us tips about how a resume is a key asset that makes you meet the needs of the employer and also explains my strengths and potentials as a future employee. She also explained the rules to be followed while preparing a resume such as updating continuously, error-free, conservative formatting, limitation of styles and font. I learnt a new concept of Applicant Tracking System which makes my resume unique when compared with others. She also showed us a few samples of resume to summarize the whole concept.
Secondly, she discussed how to get in contact with the employers and the alumni of the university through a social networking site called LinkedIn. She gave a few tips regarding the account such as profile should be complete and up-to-date, sending a custom message rather than standard message and how to get in touch with the alumni of the university.
And lastly, she explained us about the dos and don’ts of the interview when you meet the alumni such as Dressing Professionally, Talk only about the purpose of your interview, providing value statement, Ask specific questions about company, industry and jobs and at last greeting them. She also mentioned the mistakes we tend to make such as Lack of preparation, acting too casual, wrong questions, No thank you or follow up. She also gave us the reasons why should we thank them and follow up.
I have learnt a lot of things during this lecture and it was a wonderful experience and I also I am thankful to Professor Brenda for providing us such opportunity. The following we had a mock interview session which gave us practical experience about the interview process in the USA which is way more different than in our country. The feedback provided by them was also a great way to learn and know about my flaws by which I can improve and develop myself for this competitive world.

